README.md, before:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
# Module 9 Challenge: README Generator by Sangki Jun

## Description
This is the completed module 9 challenge from the UCF FSF Bootcamp. The purpose of this assigment was for the creator to practice using Node.js for the first time. This repository was based on a starter-code given by the bootcamp and completed with specific instructions from the program. The code in this repository runs prompts in the terminal to help in creating a professional README.md file using a base template.

## Table of Contents
1. [Installations](#installations)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Tests](#tests)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Questions](#questions)

## Installations
1. Clone the repository to your local environment using the `git clone SSH-key` command.
2. Download Node.js version 16.18.0 LTS over at [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en/).
3. Open the integrated terminal and download inquirer using `npm i inquirer@8.2.4` command in the terminal.

## Usage
1. Open the integrated terminal and run the command `node index.js`.
2. Answer the prompts in the terminal with the content you wish to be dislpayed on your README.md file. <br />

A completed README.md file will be created once all the questions are answered. Make any changes you need or want to the file and save.

## Contributing
If you have any good ideas or changes you want to share, you can create a pull request or add issues to the repository. You can also contact me using the information in the [Questions](#questions) section.<br />
To create a pull request:
1. Clone the repository to your local environment using the `git clone SSH-key` command.
2. Create a branch using `git checkout -b branch-name`.
3. Add the changes using `git add -A`.
4. Commit the changes using `git commit -m "message here"`.
5. Push the changes using `git push origin branch-name`.
6. Create a pull request on GitHub.


## Tests
Try dowloading different versions of inquirer or node.js to see if the codes will still run on them.

## License
This project is licensed under:<br />
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)<br />
&copy; all rights reserved by [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)

## Questions
If you have any questions regarding this project, reach out to me via:
* GitHub: [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)
* E-mail: [sangki810@gmail.com](mailto:sangki810@gmail.com)

Commit message:

added video link to README

README.md, after:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
# Module 9 Challenge: README Generator by Sangki Jun

## Description
This is the completed module 9 challenge from the UCF FSF Bootcamp. The purpose of this assigment was for the creator to practice using Node.js for the first time. This repository was based on a starter-code given by the bootcamp and completed with specific instructions from the program. The code in this repository runs prompts in the terminal to help in creating a professional README.md file using a base template.

## Table of Contents
1. [Installations](#installations)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Tests](#tests)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Questions](#questions)

## Installations
1. Clone the repository to your local environment using the `git clone SSH-key` command.
2. Download Node.js version 16.18.0 LTS over at [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en/).
3. Open the integrated terminal and download inquirer using `npm i inquirer@8.2.4` command in the terminal.

## Usage
1. Open the integrated terminal and run the command `node index.js`.
2. Answer the prompts in the terminal with the content you wish to be dislpayed on your README.md file. <br />

A completed README.md file will be created once all the questions are answered. Make any changes you need or want to the file and save. For a more in-depth video instruction on how to use this code, please refer to this [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FKYk7i_s0hJ6fNTmBLKQsnqzLJaRWK5y/view).

## Contributing
If you have any good ideas or changes you want to share, you can create a pull request or add issues to the repository. You can also contact me using the information in the [Questions](#questions) section.<br />
To create a pull request:
1. Clone the repository to your local environment using the `git clone SSH-key` command.
2. Create a branch using `git checkout -b branch-name`.
3. Add the changes using `git add -A`.
4. Commit the changes using `git commit -m "message here"`.
5. Push the changes using `git push origin branch-name`.
6. Create a pull request on GitHub.


## Tests
Try dowloading different versions of inquirer or node.js to see if the codes will still run on them.

## License
This project is licensed under:<br />
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)<br />
&copy; all rights reserved by [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)

## Questions
If you have any questions regarding this project, reach out to me via:
* GitHub: [sangki810](https://github.com/sangki810)
* E-mail: [sangki810@gmail.com](mailto:sangki810@gmail.com)
